- [Instructor] This chapter is going to focus on
the basics of how teams collaborate with Git.
At this point, you're probably familiar
with common Git commands but haven't considered
how you will interact with others using the tool.
We'll dive into those considerations,
highlighting basic strategies or low-hanging fruit
that can be put in place
to get your team off to a good start.
Let's take a look at what we'll be covering
in this chapter's lessons.
First, we'll start out by discussing some of the situations
that may cause difficulty for your team
and how to avoid them.
Then, we'll look at the flip side of the coin
by discussing some practices your team can adopt
that will make it easier to use Git.
From there, we'll talk about conventions
or some consistent ways of doing things
that your team can adopt that will allow you
to structure your interaction within the tool.
Finally, we'll talk about how individual team members
will interact with Git depending on the role.
This will set the stage for upcoming lessons
focused on workflows and branching.
Another thing I should point out is that this chapter
features some hands-on demonstrations
where I will simulate interaction between two team members
by using two different terminal windows.
Keep this in mind as we walk through the demonstrations.
After completing this chapter,
you will be able to put some basic strategies in place
that benefit your team's collaboration with Git.
You will also have a strong foundation
for moving into more advanced usages of Git
and its accompanying tools.